DSL2: Qualimap (#998)
nf-core/eager: docs/output.md

[DamageProfiler](https://github.com/Integrative-Transcriptomics/DamageProfiler)
is a tool which calculates a variety of standard 'aDNA' metrics from a BAM file. The primary plots here are the misincorporation and length distribution plots. Ancient DNA undergoes depurination and hydrolysis, causing fragmentation of molecules into gradually shorter fragments, and cytosine to thymine deamination damage, that occur on the subsequent single-stranded overhangs at the ends of molecules.

#### QualiMap

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

> - `qualimap/`: this contains a sub-directory for every sample, which includes a qualimap report and associated raw statistic files. You can open the `.html` file in your internet browser to see the in-depth report (this will be more detailed than in MultiQC). This includes stuff like percent coverage, depth coverage, GC content and so on of your mapped reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `qualimap/`

  - `<sample_id>/`
    - `*.html`:  in-depth report including percent coverage, depth coverage, GC content, etc. of mapped reads
```
technically this should list all output files

[DamageProfiler](https://github.com/Integrative-Transcriptomics/DamageProfiler)
is a tool which calculates a variety of standard 'aDNA' metrics from a BAM file. The primary plots here are the misincorporation and length distribution plots. Ancient DNA undergoes depurination and hydrolysis, causing fragmentation of molecules into gradually shorter fragments, and cytosine to thymine deamination damage, that occur on the subsequent single-stranded overhangs at the ends of molecules.

#### QualiMap

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `qualimap/`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  - `<sample_id>/`

>     - `*.html`: in-depth report including percent coverage, depth coverage, GC content, etc. of mapped reads

Reviewer 2: Also mention:
 - [ ] `genome_results.txt`
 - I guess there's no need to mention all the files created for the html report, but at least the directories should be mentioned, together with a broad description, telling users it's just the stuff that's in the html.
   - [ ] `css/` - HTML CSS styling used for the report
   - [ ] `images_qualimapReport/` - PNG version of images from the HTML report.
   - [ ] `raw_data_qualimapReport/` - The raw data used to render the HTML report as TXT files.

> NB: Neither fold coverage nor percent coverage on there own is sufficient to assess whether you have a high quality mapping. Abnormally high fold coverages of a smaller region such as highly conserved genes or un-removed-adapter-containing reference genomes can artificially inflate the mean coverage, yet a high percent coverage is not useful if all bases of the genome are covered at just 1x coverage.

**Note that many of the statistics from this module are displayed in the General Stats table, as they represent single values that are not plottable.**

You will receive output for each sample. This means you will statistics of deduplicated values of all types of libraries combined in a single value (i.e. non-UDG treated, full-UDG, paired-end, single-end all together).

> warning: If your library has no reads mapping to the reference, this will result in an empty BAM file. Qualimap will therefore not produce any output even if a BAM exists!

Reviewer 2: Please format this similarly to how warnings are shown for other modules. i.e. in a callout/quote thingy with the warning sign etc.

<summary>Output files</summary>

- `contamination_estimation/angsd/`

> - `*.txt`: Text file containing the results of nuclear contamination estimation with ANGSD for each library.
> - `nuclear_contamination.txt`: Text file containing a summary table of contamination estimates for all libraries.
> - `nuclear_contamination_mqc.json`: JSON file containing a summary table of contamination estimates for all libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    - `*.txt`: Text file containing the results of nuclear contamination estimation with ANGSD for each library.
  - `nuclear_contamination.txt`: Text file containing a summary table of contamination estimates for all libraries.
  - `nuclear_contamination_mqc.json`: JSON file containing a summary table of contamination estimates for all libraries.
```
